♪ Swear I'll change
that light bulb ♪
♪ When I've read
The Dharma Bums ♪
Jesus! Ugh!
♪ Buy you Springsteen tickets
on a day that never comes... ♪
(grunts)
I just bought these.
Really? How did this happen?
Ooh! (grunts)
Ooh! (exhales)
(grunts)
Seriously?
I'm bigger.
I'm a big lady, man.
Okay. It's okay.
You fit me?
(sighs)
Not bad. No!
(grunts) Mm.
Did my boobs just get... fat?
Ugh.
(exhales)
Look, honey.
Before, after. Before, after.
Favorite jacket.
(grunts)
(sighs)
Who's the lucky guy?
Meet you around the corner
in a half an hour.
(whoops) Ugh.
♪ To say
it's never too late, so ♪
♪ Watch out for the mouse trap
in the corner of your mind ♪
♪ It can stop you running
if you don't learn to unwind ♪
♪ And when I'm old and gray ♪
♪ I'll be proud
of my laughter lines ♪
-♪ My precious time ♪
-♪ My ♪
♪ Precious time,
my precious time ♪
♪ No, it's never too late ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ To say it's never too late ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ No, it's never too late ♪
♪ To say it's never too late. ♪
♪ ♪
(gasps)
Ooh!
(sniffs)
-Oh, yeah, I like that one.
-Our favorite.
Condoms, condoms.
Pads. Pads.
Panty liners, panty liners.
Condoms, condoms.
Oh. PMS relief.
You need, like, five of those?
I'm kidding.
Condoms, condoms.
Ooh. DivaCup.
Oh. (chuckles)
-Aw, look.
-Mom, I love this color.
Oh, me, too.
Ramen. Ramen.
-Oh. Vaginal contraceptive foam.
-(laughing): Mom.
Ramen.
Pregnancy tests. Plan B.
-Mom?
-Plan B. Plan B.
(chuckling):
Jesus, what the fuck?
Well, you know,
you could keep 'em in a bowl.
You know, for a party. You could
pass 'em out like candy.
Max, I got ramen.
Oh. Advil. Benadryl.
Claritin. Emergen-C.
Motrin. Motrin.
We're probably gonna
have to buy this stuff
in two transactions, you know,
because they have...
-Meth labs, Mom. I know.
-Yeah. Ooh.
Ooh! Neti pot. Neti pot.
♪ To say it's never too late ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ No, it's never too late ♪
♪ To say it's never too late. ♪
♪ ♪
(clicks tongue)
Ooh!
The competition--
you got to be ready
for when they open
the building, baby.
Ready for what? Mom...
Mom, I-I-I just want
to get a good room
or, like, a-a...
a good bed space.
I don't even care
if the room is that great.
I'd rather have the best bed
in the worst room
than the worst bed
in the best room.
MAN:
Hey, didn't you play
in that show
about the lawyers in space?
Oh. Yeah, that was me.
-I knew that was you.
-Thank you.
Listen, would you mind
if you could give us a hand?
That's fine. Ugh.
Okay, we got to figure out how
to get you into the dorm
with all this shit, baby.
What if my roommates
are psychos?
This is giving me
so much anxiety.
I mean, what-what am I doing?
-MAN: All freshmen...
-This is by far
the scariest thing
I've ever done.
But at the same time,
I feel like
I'm really putting myself
out there and living my life.
-Sort of like how a pioneer
feels when they go off...
-Honey! Honey!
-What? What?!
-Honey.
(echoing):
Go!
♪ ♪
♪ When you walk in the forest ♪
♪ Let it be ♪
♪ There's a flower... ♪
Best bed in the worst room!
♪ Let it be ♪
♪ There's a flower in the wood ♪
♪ And it's innocent and good ♪
♪ By the stone where it stands ♪
-♪ Let it be ♪
-Hi. Hi.
♪ Let it be. ♪
(sighs)
Okay, well...
These things.
Oh. (mutters)
Just gonna take them myself.
It's fine.
It's fine. (grunts)
(groans)
Hi. Thank you.
Can you watch my stuff for me?
I'll be right back.
Just, if you look...
if you just keep an eye.
Thank you so much.
I'll get you a cup of coffee.
We'll have coffee together.
Thank you.
Oh, really?
Are you just going with her?
-(knock on door)
-Aw... Oh, you're not?
-Hello?
-MAX: Oh, I got to go.
Oh, hi!
Are you our neighbor?
Hi. I'm Talasco.
This is my room.
-(clears throat)
-MAX: Roomie!
(laughing):
Hi!
MAX:
Okay. Oh, uh,
-you're in here with me.
-Oh, we're in here?
TALASCO: Sweet.
Yeah, where are you from?
I'm from California.
-I can see that.
-Oh, yeah? You like L.A. girls?
Yeah, yeah, you got that vibe.
You got that vibe.
Oh, do I?
Oh, hi. Talasco.
I'm the mom.
-So...
-Don't worry. Gay. Mostly.
I'm still figuring it out.
Mm-hmm. Hmm. (chuckles)
Your daughter is safe.
(laughing quietly)
Safe... for now.
(both chuckling)
My baby.
-My baby.
-(chuckles)
-You're in the world.
-I know.
This is the world.
Whew! Just drink it all in.
You know, take as many
classes as you can.
Ask questions.
Gather your good medicine.
"Be bold, and mighty forces
will come to your aid."
BOTH:
Goethe said that.
I want to take you
to hear music.
We're in Chicago.
This is crazy.
Why do we have to wait till
you're 21 to go to a place?
We gotta wait
until you're a junior?
-Mom.
-Hmm.
I would like to
introduce you to...
my fake I.D.
-I've had it for three years.
-Oh.
That is so awesome to hear that.
I know you had one.
Yeah, but I hid it
from my parents.
Plus, I had to kill the lady
whose identity I stole.
Oh.
Okay, Tracy Cromwell,
what's your address
and date of birth?
47 Karucha Court;
Arlington, Virginia 31425.
07/09/95.
-And this works?
-Mom...
no one ever asks you for it.
I just...
Slut bucket.
-Let me see it again.
-Yeah?
It's pretty good.
-Yeah, it's a good I.D.
-So, we're going out.
-Really?
-(chuckling): Yes!
Oh, so you're not mad?
Cheers, Tracy.
(smacks lips)
Love you.
I love you.
♪ Once upon a time ♪
♪ When you were mine ♪
♪ I treated you ♪
♪ So unkind... ♪
-Hey.
-Oh, my God.
-What's going on?
-Hey. Oh, how are you?
-I'm good. My friend Samantha.
I don't know if you...
-Hi.
Samantha!
-What's up?
-Um...
-(dialogue fades)
♪ You, you were the one ♪
♪ After all ♪
Oh, uh... uh...
(whispering indistinctly)
♪ You came to me ♪
Love you.
♪ You gave me your hand ♪
Have fun.
♪ So don't worry 'bout it ♪
-♪ I will understand... ♪
-Wait!
I want my big life This Is Us
milestone moment goodbye hug.
Come on.
This Is Us. Let's go!
♪ You were the one after all ♪
Yes.
♪ Life's too short ♪
♪ It's give and it's take ♪
♪ It's not a game
that you play ♪
♪ It's the love that you make ♪
(kissing repeatedly)
-♪ You were so patient ♪
-(squealing laughter)
♪ So kind, I recall ♪
♪ You were the one ♪
♪ After all ♪
♪ You. ♪
(machine whirrs)
Would you like to do this
in private, or is here okay?
Here is okay.
I will now cup my hand
under your right breast.
Yes.
I will now cup my hand
under your left breast.
Mm-hmm.
I will now put my hand
inside your waistband.
-Okay.
-And I will run my hand inside
and around your entire waistband
and search your pants.
Excuse me. Here.
Okay.
Okay. Return to the scanner.
(machine whirrs)
Do you have anything
in your pockets?
No.
Okay, look, I'm wearing
these special underwear.
They're, like, super thick
and absorbent,
and kind-of-ish like a diaper.
But they're underwear.
Because...
I'm having a very heavy...
very heavy late-in-life period.
So...
You're so young.
Anyway... (chuckles)
that's my story.
So... can I just go through?
-Please.
-Pull up your pants.
Take your stuff.
Thank you.
Pull your pants up.
Okay, I am.
(woman makes indistinct
announcement over P.A.)
-Hi. What can I get you?
-Hello.
Um, I would like
a vodka cranberry, please--
a double-- and some
French fries with gravy.
Great. Can I see some I.D.?
-Serious?
-Mm-hmm.
Okay... (chuckles)
I got a kid in college.
Very cool.
'69! (laughs)
Let me get that for you.
I got carded.
We all did.
It's state policy.
All righty, here you go.
Thank you.
What can I get for you?
Um, get me a tequila.
Great. Uh, can I see your I.D.?
(chuckles)
Sure.
(typing)
Oh, my God.
I'm not reading
your computer. I swear.
(laughs)
My face is pointed at it,
but I didn't mean to read
any of the texts
between you and your wife.
-I hope she orders the prawns.
-(both laugh)
It's okay. Feel free.
Just me and my wife figuring out
when to meet up in L.A.
She had to miss this flight
to return the car.
-Aw. That's too bad.
-Mm.
So, you from Chicago,
or are you going home?
No, I'm going home.
I just dropped my oldest
off at college.
-Oh, wow.
-Mm-hmm.
That's got to be hard.
No way. One down, two to go.
(chuckles) Oh. Well,
in that case, congratulations.
-(both chuckle)
-And bottoms up.
-Bottoms up.
-Cheers.
-Nice ring.
-Oh. Thank you.
-Glory days.
-I see you.
(sniffles)
Don't worry.
I don't think
you're a terrorist.
(chuckles)
You'd be the only one
on this plane.
(laughs)
I know who you are.
Ugh. I love you.
I remember when
you were a doughnut
-on The Scabies Chronicles.
-What?
Yeah. And you were Rooster
in Ching of the Mill.
-Mm-hmm.
-I grew up in Texas.
We worshiped that show.
Oh, my God, yes.
You're from Texas?
-I am. We're Bollybillies.
-Cute.
Yeah. But we live in L.A. now.
I live with my boyfriend
over there.
Are you reading a new script
or something?
Um, yeah, um, it's called
Monsters in the Moonlight.
-It's, like, a movie I'm doing.
-Oh, okay.
Yeah, it's gonna be something.
-I don't even know.
-Do you smell that?
I-I didn't know there was
a meal on this flight.
Oh, they're probably heating up
cookies or something.
Get me a fire extinguisher now.
-Jesus Christ.
-Shit.
Oh, my.
(alarm sounding)
(baby crying)
The fuck...?
Hi. I'm Debra.
I have two sons, and....
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
We're not doing that.
You're fine. It's fine.
It's fine. It's okay.
MURRAY:
Hey, Cookie.
♪ Cigarette smoke
was in my eyes... ♪
Hey, Gumball.
I wanted two sons,
just like Debra there.
I don't know.
There's something about two boys
playing rough in the yard
that makes me smile.
It's probably why I was so hard
on your brother.
He wasn't like that. But you...
(chuckles): oh, you were.
Oh, you always got
into the hurly burly.
Hey, Dad. Do you mind?
This plane is, like,
on fire and shit.
Eh, you'll be all right.
Could be worse.
Besides, you've had some
real shit thrown your way.
This?
It's gonna be over in minutes.
-Mm.
-No reason to panic.
Get a drink.
(coughing)
FLIGHT ATTENDANT:
Ladies and gentlemen,
we are gonna make an emergency
landing in St. Louis.
We apologize
for the inconvenience
and ask that you please remain
calm and in your seats
with your seat belts fastened.
The captain has
everything under control.
(passengers murmuring)
MANEESH:
Doesn't seem under control.
JOHN:
That's the truth.
At least they're not taking
our drinks.
Debra, drink your wine.
(exhales)
♪ Cigarette smoke
was in my eyes... ♪
SAM:
Yeah, it was, uh,
like, a heating component
or something.
Uh, it ignited?
-Oh, my God, so scary.
-They're giving us, like,
free vouchers for a martini,
uh, on... uh, in the airport,
and I just don't want you
to tell the girls,
'cause I don't want them
to get scared, okay?
I won't say a word, and of
course, I'll stay with them.
I love you.
-Oof.
-Hey, you're not going anywhere
until you and me have drinks.
-I mean, they gave us vouchers
for not dying?
-I know.
Anyone need a change
of underwear?
-(chuckles): Yes, please.
-(laughs)
(gasps)
Oh, my God.
(groans)
Hey.
Hello?
-Oh, hi.
-ALL: Hi!
(song in French playing)
Hi, Phil.
Hello.
Are you okay?
I was, before you barged in
so rudely.
What happened to your car?
Hmm?
Your car, in the driveway?
The front is all smashed up?
Oh, is there a nick?
It looks like you hit a moose.
I don't know why
you're asking me about it.
Perhaps you should speak to Max.
Max is in Chicago.
Since when?
Phil, dude.
♪ ♪
Uh...
(sighs)
All right, then.
You have fun with your cards.
-Night, Phil.
-Night.
-Bye.
-Bye-bye.
Why do they always come
for the car first?
(groans)
I'm more likely
to slip in the shower.
It's a power play.
They need you to depend on them.
That one's got
enough dependents already.
-PATRICK: Mm. Uh-huh.
-Yeah.
-Six of hearts.
-Eight of hearts. Uh-huh?
-King of hearts.
-PHYLLIS: Ah!
-Ace of hearts from the dummy.
-(laughter)
That's my partner,
that's my partner.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm talking about.
DUKE (whispering):
Spirit, spirit, spirit.
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh... ♪
(sighs)
♪ As my life changes states ♪
♪ Unbound by time and space ♪
♪ You will fill this place
and see me go... ♪
Close your eyes.
It's just me, Grandpa.
Go to bed.
♪ With family and friends
on another plane ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh... ♪
Hi.
I'm home.
Oh. Hi.
Who are you?
-Oh, uh, I'm Jaxson.
-Jordan.
Okay. Why are you in my house?
Where are my kids?
Have you seen a big, giant,
handsome gay man lurking around?
-Wait. Who's your kid?
-Frankie.
Uh, yeah.
I don't know where she is.
Did you get Pinkberry?
Frankie said she texted you
to get Pinkberry.
No.
RICH:
You get Pinkberry?
I like tart with cookie crisps.
Come here.
Baby's asleep.
-Good. Where's Frankie?
-Her room.
Honey, are you okay?
Do you need me?
No, I'm okay.
I-I really am.
-Okay, then.
-Okay.
May I please be excused?
Because I'm keeping
my boyfriend waiting.
-Cute.
-Mm. Okay. You good?
Yeah, go. Thank you a million.
I love you.
I love you, too.
Call me if you need me.
-Okay.
-(door opens and closes)
(sighs)
FRANKIE:
Mm-hmm.
-No, exactly.
That's what I meant.
-(mouthing)
Yes. Definitely.
Okay, yep.
What's up, bro?
Whassup?
-(groans)
-And how was Chicago?
I've been watching
Max's stories.
Good. Thank you for asking.
There's about 40 people
downstairs. What are you doing?
You have to go to sleep.
I can't.
I have too much work to do.
I have to finish reading the
first act of a play by tomorrow.
Well, how much of it
have you read?
I didn't even start it yet.
I haven't read it.
Wait, what?
It's a play, Mom. I can't do it.
-I can't concentrate.
-(sighs)
My God, that's because
your people are fighting
a mass generational
heroin addiction,
death of focus,
self-soothing
because of these things.
Can you read it to me?
Seriously, Frankie?
(sighs)
Dude, I'm exhausted.
If I told you what my day
was like, okay?
In the first place, my plane...
I don't even know
how to tell you...
Forget it, Mom.
Just forget it.
(exhales)
Okay, I'll tell you what.
I'll, um...
I'll j... I'll...
read one scene out loud,
and then you read
one scene out loud,
and we go back and forth until
we finish the first act, okay?
We just get it
down our necks. Mm?
A Raisin in the Sun
by Lorraine Hansberry.
I never read this.
"Act One.
"The Younger living room
would be a comfortable
"and well-ordered room
"if it were not for a number
of indestructible contradictions
"to this state of being.
"Its furnishings are typical
and undistinguished,
"and their primary feature now
is that they have clearly had
"to accommodate the living
of too many people
for too many years,
and they are tired."
Sounds like ours.
(chuckles):
Yeah. You get it?
Like, the-the chairs are tired?
♪ When the rain came ♪
♪ I thought you'd leave ♪
♪ 'Cause I knew how much... ♪
"Still, we can see that,
at some time,
"a time probably no longer
remembered by the family--
"except perhaps for Mama--
"the furnishings of this room
were actually selected with care
"and love and even hope,
"and brought to this apartment
and arranged
with taste and pride."
♪ Couldn't change a thing ♪
♪ Then I know I love you... ♪
"That was a long time ago.
"Now the once-loved pattern
of the couch upholstery
"has to fight to show itself
from under acres
"of crocheted doilies
and couch covers
"which have themselves finally
come to be more important
"than the upholstery.
"And here, a table or a chair
has been moved
"to disguise the worn places
in the carpet.
"But the carpet has fought back
by showing its weariness.
A depressing uniformity
elsewhere on its surface."
♪ I couldn't believe... ♪
FRANKIE: "Weariness has,
in fact, won this room.
"Everything has been
polished, washed,
sat on, used,
scrubbed too often."
♪ And I know I love you... ♪
♪ Oh, I never was good ♪
♪ With romantic words ♪
♪ So the next few lines
come really hard ♪
♪ Don't have much,
but what I've got is yours ♪
♪ Except, of course,
my steel guitar ♪
♪ Ha, 'cause I know
you don't play ♪
♪ But I'll teach you one day ♪
♪ Because I love you. ♪